# Conclusion

﻿In conclusion, we believe that the world leaders of their respective nations today should be focusing more on improving the sense of freedom and GDP. We believe that focusing on these factors will lead to an overall increase in happiness, and with this increase of happiness, other categories such as trust in government, life expectancy, and generosity will follow suit and increase as well.

The goal of a person in a position of power should be to gain respect from their subordinantes in the way of bettering the personal lives of the people around them. Happiness plays a huge role in this. When people are depressed, they are unmotivated, unambitious, and tend to lead low quality lives that don’t produce a positive output on society. On the flipside, people that are generally happy have more outgoing natures and are certainly more likely to contribute to society in more positive ways. These contributions could have a massive effect on humanity. Maybe, if the world were to look inward and attempt to improving the quality of life for all people rather focusing on such materialistic things, it could consequently lead to solving many of the worlds problems. Maybe, If world happiness were to increase we would see less violence, stop fighting wars, and find world peace. Maybe people would be more generous and we could kick poverty and world hunger to the curb. Maybe we could finally come together as the people of one planet and live in harmony, rather than individuals of all different nations that live separately. Maybe we’re stretching it, but if we all change our perspective towards happiness then who knows what could happen.
