# GDP/Health Scatterplot Summary
The x-axis in this graph represents the percentage of overall happiness that GDP (Gross Domestic Product per capita, an informal way to measure a nation’s prosperity or wealth) represents, while the y-axis represents the percentage of overall happiness that health (in this case, it would be life expectancy or the average age a citizen of a certain nation will live to) represent. Across the 3 given years (2015, 2016, and 2017), there are several noticeable patterns.

# GDP
Overall, the world starts to value GDP more and more over the 3-year period (the max value goes from 27% of overall happiness in 2015 to 29% of overall happiness in 2017), although this largely varies by each region. Sub-Saharan African nations tend to increasingly weigh GDP as more important over the three years. Similarly, a few Latin American, Southeast Asian, and Central and Eastern European countries share the same statistical trend although their increases in the value of GDP is not nearly as large as the Sub-Saharan African countries. Most of the Western European, North American, and Middle Eastern countries (along with Australia and New Zealand) remain steady with very close values of GDP, as do some parts of Southern and Southeastern Asia.

# Health
All countries seem to value overall health less throughout the 3-year period, with the max value shrinking from around 24% of overall happiness in 2015 to about 16% of overall happiness in 2017. Sub-Saharan African nations, as well as a few Latin American, Southeast Asian, and Central and Eastern European countries do not have an overwhelming decrease; the relatively small decline, normally no more than a few percent, keeps them in the around the same areas in each graph. On the other hand, most of the Western European, North American, and Middle Eastern countries (along with Australia and New Zealand) experience much larger declines in the value of overall health, enough to shrink the y-axis of the graph and make the data points much more spread out.

# Analysis
It is hard to speculate as to why these changes occurred, since no one country experiences the same events as all the others; Syria’s bloody internal conflicts, or the rise of the Brexit movement in the UK, or the increasingly intense censorship in China are all different factors that make it hard to generalize whole regions. However, one explanation for the relationship between these two factors could be that some countries are already further developed than others and do not need to focus on some things as much as other, still developing nations. A lot of the Western world already has a high standard of living and access to good healthcare, so they can spend more time focusing on their economies instead. Meanwhile, other countries that are not as well off are trying to jumpstart their economies to be competitive, and overall health has to take a backseat as economic issues take front and center.
