# Freedom/Trust Plot summary
This graph displays 2 different variables in regards to the main variable our group is observing, overall happiness. The x axis represents a country’s freedom - measured as percentage relating to how many personal freedoms an individual feels they have in society.  The color of the plotted points regards the level of trust in government - also measured as a percentage relating to how corrupt an individual feels their government is (a high score meaning less corrupt and more trustworthy). The y axis evaluates the happiness score. The line through the middle of the plot is something of an “average line of best fit”. It attempts to show the correlation of the freedom score with the happiness score, making it easier for the viewer to observe trends in the data being displayed.

# Freedom
This is probably the easiest variable to observe as we have a line of best fit that clearly shows the trend of the data. When looking at the 2017 data, it is pretty clear that a higher freedom score for a country also insinuates a higher happiness score. 2016 also supports this trend, with almost the exact same trend line. 2015 however does not quite share this same trend. Especially at the beginning of the line the linear progression remains very flat, indicating that potentially at lower ranges of freedom scores there is no correlation between that and happiness. However, since the 2015 data is the only data set that supports this claim, it would be more likely to say that this subset of the 2015 data is a minor statistical outlier. In conclusion, I would say that there is a general correlation between a higher level of freedom in a country and the happiness of the people inhabiting it, and vice versa - which logically I feel makes a lot of sense as well.

# Trust in Government 
This data is slightly more difficult to observe as it is based on the color of the individual points of data, with blue being a low score and yellow being the highest. Looking at these points and their colors it can be seen that there is a cluster of the highly scoring yellow points accumulated in the upper right hand corner, at top of the trend line. This would lead us to the conclusion that as we move down the trendline, the colors would get slowly darker and darker until they are all blue at the bottom left corner, the bottom of the trend line. However, the reality of the data is that as soon as you leave that little bubble of bright yellow data points, the color almost instantly switches to blue. This leads me to the conclusion that once you leave that little bubble of high happiness and high trust, there is not much correlation between these sets of data.
